Adebug Reloaded v2.13
---------------------

* Version notes:

Adebug Reloaded is the GPL release of the mainstream Adebug version, 
in the line with lastest released Adebug v2.12 on Brainstorm's BBS 
Brazil. (Between August 1993 and mid December 1994, this 2.12 version 
number had not been increased.)

Actually, Adebug Reloaded is not the latest version of Adebug. 
Following is the never released Adebug NG (New Generation), written at 
end of December 1994, which includes support for evaluating C 
expressions while debugging, and can be built using GNU/GCC.

Adebug New Generation is planned to be released (maybe as Adebug v3), 
but with a later schedule due to our time constraints.


* What is Adebug?

Adebug is a debugger, that is a tool that help programmers to debug 
their creations. In the wold of debuggers, Adebug is one of the most 
featured ever released for Atari platforms. Also one of the safest; 
its robustness has become a legend for programmers.

Though, Adebug doesn't support newer 68040 and 68060 based machines 
yet. This is definitely in the TODO list, and this GPL release is the 
so long waited opportunity for the Atari community to have Adebug 
support newer machines.


* Features:

The Feature list is so huge, we can't give you the details here. 
English readers may have a look at the Adebug command list in 
COMMANDS.TXT, and French readers can consult the comprehensive PDF 
manual in MANUAL.FR\ADBMANFR.PDF. An English version of the manual 
exists and is to be released when we'll get the tools to convert it to 
PDF.


* Copying:

Adebug Reloaded is released under the terms of the GPL licence. See 
COPYING.TXT for more details.


* Building Adebug Reloaded:

Adebug Reloaded is the branch which doesn't require a C compiler to 
build. This makes the job easy, you just need Assemble, the assembler 
utility by Brainstorm.

We kept the original MAKEFILE in the SRC directory so that you can see 
the exact command lines that were used to build the 3 main targets of 
Adebug.

To save you the time to find the right tools, I wrote a small BUILDER 
utility that is provided here in the TOOL\ directory. Have a look at 
TOOLS\BUILD.TXT to see its requirements and how it works.


* Special dedicace:

This Adebug Reloaded version is dedicated to Fran‡ois Corroyer and 
Pascal de France, without whom Adebug would never have become real.


* Thanks to:

- Alex Lemaresquier and the Brainstorm team
- S‚bastien Briais and the Removers team
- Thomas Reiss and the Sector One team (Denis Huguet, Fran‡ois Gal‚a)
- The Yaronet.com users and the Jagware.org community for their support!


Benjamin Gandon
2007-01-18
